hey guys what's up its bow and today I'm
just going to show you how to get rid of
the YouTube video ads or just
advertisements in general but primarily
i'm just going to overview youtube video
ads because that i see comments on a
bunch of youtube videos like all
machinima and people are they get mad
when a 15-second advertisement comes up
but really the solution is just
refreshed page don't be dumb but if you
don't even wanted to do that if you just
want it to never pop up at all a great
add-on for both google chrome and
firefox is available now i use google
chrome personally I think it's better
and faster than firefox and not only
does it block youtube video ads that
blocks ads all over the internet as you
see i have a google chrome window right
here with the add-on installed as you
see it's a very very clean homepage
youtube homepage there are no videos on
the side there's nothing like that
compared to internet explorer internet
explorer which does not have the
extension you see that featured videos
are shown this ad right here shown
there's try youtube the new web browser
download well that's probably because i
have google chrome but as you see the
video ad is not there and also if i was
to click on a link and if that link had
a video ad that popped up randomly it
wouldn't be there i wouldn't have that
problem anymore and the add-on is called
adblock i'm sure a lot of you have
probably heard of it it's very well
known for being very very well designed
in keeping ads out of the web in order
to get it if you have firefox you just
look at firefox adblock it would be add
bought Adblock Plus which would be this
link or if you had google
home if you like google chrome you could
look up ad block google chrome extension
and this will probably get me to it and
it will be the first one as you see here
and this is one that I use and it's very
nice and very easy to use and so yeah
that's a quick and easy way to get rid
of YouTube video ads that pop up that I
know you guys don't like it all so
thanks for watching guys peace